Document the release process (#661)
typeddjango/djangorestframework-stubs: CONTRIBUTING.md

3. make whatever changes you want to contribute.
4. ensure your contribution does not introduce linting issues or breaks the tests by linting and testing the code.
5. make a pull request with an adequate description.

## Releasing `djangorestframework-stubs`

1. Open a pull request that updates `setup.py` (anyone can open this PR, not just maintainers):

   - Increase `version=` value within `setup(...)`. Version number `major.minor.patch` is formed as follows:

     `major.minor` version must match newest supported `djangorestframework` release.

     `patch` is sequentially increasing for each stubs release. Reset to `0` if `major.minor` was updated.

   - Update `django-stubs>=` dependency to point to latest `django-stubs` release.
   - Use pull request title "Version x.y.z release" by convention.

2. Ensure the CI succeeds. A maintainer must merge this PR. If it's just a verison bump, no need
   to wait for a second maintainer's approval.

> 3. [Create a new GitHub release](https://github.com/typeddjango/djangorestframework-stubs/releases/new):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Maintainers need to [сreate a new GitHub release](https://github.com/typeddjango/djangorestframework-stubs/releases/new):
```

   - Under "Choose a tag" enter the new version number. Do NOT use `v` prefix.
   - Click "Generate release notes".
   - Delete all release notes lines containing `by @pre-commit-ci` or `by @dependabot`, as these are

>      irrelevant for our users.

Author: It's an additional manual step, but IMO release notes are too noisy if these are included.
